
	"Children's" Adding Game

	Create a game which could be used by young children to learn to 
		add.  
	
	The player is given the numbers 1 - 9, and a random number of 
		'stars' to count (or any other shape).  
	
	They must select one or more numbers to add up to the number of 
		stars.  
	
	If they are right, they get to try again with a new number of 
		stars, but the numbers they used can't be used again.  
	
	If they use all the numbers, they win!

	MVP:
/	Nine number buttons, for each of the numbers 1 - 9.  
		While these are active, they can be clicked to toggle selection.  
		If the round ends, the selected numbers will be disabled.

/	A "star" area.  
	This will have a random number of stars, between one and nine.  
	The number of stars is what the player is trying to add up to. 
		(if you want, you can adjust the range of stars or numbers to 
			make it easier/harder)

	A submit button.  
		This will check to see if the selected numbers add up to the 
			number of stars.  
		If they're correct, 
			the round ends, 
			those numbers are disabled, 
			a new random number of stars are presented.  
		If they're wrong, you may inform the player.

	A "scramble/reroll" button.  
		This will give them a limited number of chances to randomize the 
			number of stars so they can keep trying.  
		Perhaps you only allow them to use this 3 times.

	A restart button.  
		This will allow the player to start over.  
		This should reset the game to the initial conditions, and also 
			randomize the stars again.

	Win detection.  
		If they submit properly to end the round, 
		and there are no numbers left, 
		they win!  
		The app should congratulate them!

	The ranges of numbers and stars, or the number of retries, 
	can be adjusted to make the game easier or harder as you wish.

	Extra Features:
	Add animations.  (This is pretty easy!  
		Bring in animate.css from a cdn 
			(https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/animate.css/3.5.1/animate.min.css), 
			and add the 'animated' class, along with one of the animation 
			classes.  Check out the GitHub page for more information.)

	Implement lose detection.  
		This means, your app will be able to 'know' when the player has
			no way to add up to the number of stars.  
		This can be done to encourage the player to hit the 'scramble' 
			button, or if they have no scrambles left, to tell them they 
			have lost and must retry.